Add Fleet Management > Agents view (#7283)
wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-plugins: docs/ref/modules/fleet-management/summary.md

# Agent summary

> The agent summary module provides a complete interface for managing and monitoring Wazuh agents. Allows essential operations such as deploying, updating, deleting and configuring agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agent summary module provides a complete interface for managing and monitoring Wazuh agents. It allows essential operations such as deploying, upgrading, deleting and configuring agents.
```

Reviewer 2: Solved https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-plugins/pull/7283/commits/9591852b22037069dd3632fc139e3eb84cd1d3cd
